---
layout: post
title: "samples/table-of-content"
description: "Navigate those lengthy posts."
date: 2022-09-09
author: Corbs
permalink: /samples/table-of-content
category: samples
tags:
- table-of-content
- sample
- yummo
---

### From toc.sh

- [H2 Header](#h2-header)
    - [H3 Header](#h3-header)
        - [H4 Header](#h4-header)
            - [H5 Header](#h5-header)
                - [H6 Header](#h6-header)
- [Paragraph text](#paragraph-text)
- [Blockquotes](#blockquotes)
    - [Single Blockquote](#single-blockquote)
    - [Two paragraph Blockquote](#two-paragraph-blockquote)
    - [Nested Blockquote](#nested-blockquote)
    - [Blockquote w/ markdown](#blockquote-w/-markdown)
- [Inline Text](#inline-text)
- [Code](#code)
- [Lists](#lists)
    - [Unordered](#unordered)
    - [Ordered](#ordered)
- [Tables](#tables)
    - [Basic](#basic)
    - [Formatted content](#formatted-content)
    - [Cell alignment](#cell-alignment)
- [Markdown Images](#markdown-images)

### Table of Contents

- [Install](#install)
- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Contributors](#contributors)
- [Sponsors](#sponsors)
- [Community](#community)
- [Establishing connections](#establishing-connections)
- [Connection options](#connection-options)
  - [SSL options](#ssl-options)
  - [Connection flags](#connection-flags) 
- [Terminating connections](#terminating-connections)
- [Pooling connections](#pooling-connections)
- [Pool options](#pool-options)
- [Pool events](#pool-events)
  - [acquire](#acquire)
  - [connection](#connection)
  - [enqueue](#enqueue)
  - [release](#release)
- [Closing all the connections in a pool](#closing-all-the-connections-in-a-pool)
- [PoolCluster](#poolcluster)
- [PoolCluster options](#poolcluster-options)
- [Switching users and altering connection state](#switching-users-and-altering-connection-state)
- [Server disconnects](#server-disconnects)
- [Performing queries](#performing-queries)
- [Escaping query values](#escaping-query-values)
- [Escaping query identifiers](#escaping-query-identifiers)
  - [Preparing Queries](#preparing-queries)
  - [Custom format](#custom-format)
- [Getting the id of an inserted row](#getting-the-id-of-an-inserted-row)
- [Getting the number of affected rows](#getting-the-number-of-affected-rows)
- [Getting the number of changed rows](#getting-the-number-of-changed-rows)
- [Getting the connection ID](#getting-the-connection-id)
- [Executing queries in parallel](#executing-queries-in-parallel)
- [Streaming query rows](#streaming-query-rows)
  - [Piping results with Streams](#piping-results-with-streams)
- [Multiple statement queries](#multiple-statement-queries)
- [Stored procedures](#stored-procedures)
- [Joins with overlapping column names](#joins-with-overlapping-column-names)
- [Transactions](#transactions)
- [Ping](#ping)
- [Timeouts](#timeouts)
- [Error handling](#error-handling)
- [Exception Safety](#exception-safety)
- [Type casting](#type-casting)
  - [Number](#number)
  - [Date](#date)
  - [Buffer](#buffer)
  - [String](#string)
  - [Custom type casting](#custom-type-casting)
- [Debugging and reporting problems](#debugging-and-reporting-problems)
- [Security issues](#security-issues)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Running tests](#running-tests)
  - [Running unit tests](#running-unit-tests)
  - [Running integration tests](#running-integration-tests)
- [Todo](#todo)

---

1. [Rules and gameplay](#1-rules-and-gameplay)
2. [Personnel](#2-personnel)
  2.1 [Players](#21-players)
  2.2 [Managers and coaches](#22-managers-and-coaches)
  2.3 [Umpires](#23-umpires)
3. [Strategy](#3-strategy)
4. [Tactics](#4-tactics)
  4.1 [Pitching and fielding](#41-pitching-and-fielding)
  4.2 [Batting and base running](#42-batting-and-base-running)
5. [History](#5-history)
  5.1 [In the United States](#51-in-the-united-states)
    5.1.1 [Establishment of professional leagues](#511-establishment-of-professional-leagues)
    5.1.2 [Rise of Ruth and racial integration](#512-rise-of-ruth-and-racial-integration)
    5.1.3 [Attendance records and the age of steroids](#513-attendance-records-and-the-age-of-steroids)
  5.2 [Around the world](#52-around-the-world)

---

1. [Rules and gameplay](#1-rules-and-gameplay)
1. [Personnel](#2-personnel)
    1. [Players](#21-players)
    1. [Managers and coaches](#22-managers-and-coaches)
    1. [Umpires](#23-umpires)
1. [Strategy](#3-strategy)
1. [Tactics](#4-tactics)
    1. [Pitching and fielding](#41-pitching-and-fielding)
    1. [Batting and base running](#42-batting-and-base-running)
1. [History](#5-history)
    1. [In the United States](#51-in-the-united-states)
        1. [Establishment of professional leagues](#511-establishment-of-professional-leagues)
        1. [Rise of Ruth and racial integration](#512-rise-of-ruth-and-racial-integration)
        1. [Attendance records and the age of steroids](#513-attendance-records-and-the-age-of-steroids)
    1. [Around the world](#52-around-the-world)


Basic list exhibiting bug (Ordered):

- Level 1
- Level 2
- Level 3
    - Level 4
    - Level 5

Ordered:

1. Level 1
2. Level 2
3. Level 3
    3.1. Level 4
    3.2. Level 5

Note that changing up the bullet type works:

- Level 1
- Level 2
1. Level 3


### 1. Rules and gameplay

A baseball game is played between two teams, each usually composed of nine players, that take turns playing offense (batting and baserunning) and defense (pitching and fielding). A pair of turns, one at bat and one in the field, by each team constitutes an inning.

### 2. Personnel

See also: Baseball positions

#### 2.1 Players

The number of players on a baseball roster, or squad, varies by league and by the level of organized play. A Major League Baseball (MLB) team has a roster of 25 players with specific roles. A typical roster features the following players:

* Eight position players: the catcher, four infielders, and three outfielders—all of whom play on a regular basis
* Five starting pitchers who constitute the team's pitching rotation or starting rotation
* Six relief pitchers, including one closer, who constitute the team's bullpen (named for the off-field area where pitchers warm up)
* One backup, or substitute, catcher
* Two backup infielders
* Two backup outfielders
* One pinch hitter, or a utility player, or a seventh reliever

#### 2.2 Managers and coaches

The manager, or head coach, oversees the team's major strategic decisions, such as establishing the starting rotation, setting the lineup, or batting order, before each game, and making substitutions during games—in particular, bringing in relief pitchers. Managers are typically assisted by two or more coaches; they may have specialized responsibilities, such as working with players on hitting, fielding, pitching, or strength and conditioning.

#### 2.3 Umpires

Any baseball game involves one or more umpires, who make rulings on the outcome of each play. At a minimum, one umpire will stand behind the catcher, to have a good view of the strike zone, and call balls and strikes.

### 3. Strategy

Many of the pre-game and in-game strategic decisions in baseball revolve around a fundamental fact: in general, right-handed batters tend to be more successful against left-handed pitchers and, to an even greater degree, left-handed batters tend to be more successful against right-handed pitchers.

### 4. Tactics

#### 4.1 Pitching and fielding

The tactical decision that precedes almost every play in a baseball game involves pitch selection. By gripping and then releasing the baseball in a certain manner, and by throwing it at a certain speed, pitchers can cause the baseball to break to either side, or downward, as it approaches the batter, thus creating differing pitches that can be selected.

#### 4.2 Batting and base running

Several basic offensive tactics come into play with a runner on first base, including the fundamental choice of whether to attempt a steal of second base. The hit-and-run is sometimes employed, with a skillful contact hitter, the runner takes off with the pitch, drawing the shortstop or second baseman over to second base, creating a gap in the infield for the batter to poke the ball through.

### 5. History

The evolution of baseball from older bat-and-ball games is difficult to trace with precision. Consensus once held that today's baseball is a North American development from the older game rounders, popular among children in Great Britain and Ireland.

#### 5.1 In the United States

Further information: Baseball in the United States and History of baseball in the United States.

##### 5.1.1 Establishment of professional leagues

In the mid-1850s, a baseball craze hit the New York metropolitan area, and by 1856, local journals were referring to baseball as the "national pastime" or "national game". A year later, the sport's first governing body, the National Association of Base Ball Players, was formed.

##### 5.1.2 Rise of Ruth and racial integration

Compared with the present, professional baseball in the early 20th century was lower-scoring, and pitchers were more dominant. The so-called dead-ball era ended in the early 1920s with several changes in rule and circumstance that were advantageous to hitters.

##### 5.1.3 Attendance records and the age of steroids

In 1975, the union's power—and players' salaries—began to increase greatly when the reserve clause was effectively struck down, leading to the free agency system. Significant work stoppages occurred in 1981 and 1994, the latter forcing the cancellation of the World Series for the first time in 90 years.

##### 5.2 Around the world

With the historic popular moniker as "America's national pastime", baseball is well established in several other countries as well. As early as 1877, a professional league, the International Association, featured teams from both Canada and the US.